fix(learn): overview of Map methods (#56977)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/data-structures/create-an-es6-javascript-map.md

- `.set(key, value)` sets a new key, value pair 
- `.delete(key)` removes a key, value pair 
- `.clear()` removes all key, value pairs 

> - `.keys()` returns an iterator object that contains all the keys in insertion order 

Reviewer: documentation says it returns an array.
Is `keys` needed for this challenge? or is it a "nice to know" addiction?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `.keys()` returns a map iterator object that contains all the keys in insertion order 
```

Author: Technically none of the methods are needed since the challenge can be done with the only constructor. But as far as we give an overview it would better to be the correct one.

> - `.values()` returns an iterator object that contains all the values in insertion order 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `.values()` returns a new map iterator object that contains all the values in insertion order 
```

> - `.entries()` returns an iterator object that contains all the key, value pairs in insertion order

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `.entries()` returns a new map iterator object that contains all the key, value pairs in insertion order
```
